Include instructions for deploying on Windows (#86)
taskcluster/taskcluster-worker-runner: docs/deployment.md

nssm set worker-runner AppParameters c:\worker-runner\runner.yml
nssm set worker-runner DisplayName "Worker Runner"
nssm set worker-runner Description "Interface between workers and Taskcluster services"
nssm set worker-runner Start SERVICE_AUTO_START
nssm set worker-runner Type SERVICE_WIN32_OWN_PROCESS
nssm set worker-runner AppPriority NORMAL_PRIORITY_CLASS
nssm set worker-runner AppNoConsole 1
nssm set worker-runner AppAffinity All
nssm set worker-runner AppStopMethodSkip 0
nssm set worker-runner AppStopMethodConsole 1500
nssm set worker-runner AppStopMethodWindow 1500
nssm set worker-runner AppStopMethodThreads 1500
nssm set worker-runner AppThrottle 1500
nssm set worker-runner AppExit Default Exit
nssm set worker-runner AppRestartDelay 0
nssm set worker-runner AppStdout c:\worker-runner\worker-runner-service.log
nssm set worker-runner AppStderr c:\worker-runner\worker-runner-service.log
nssm set worker-runner AppStdoutCreationDisposition 4
nssm set worker-runner AppStderrCreationDisposition 4
nssm set worker-runner AppRotateFiles 1
nssm set worker-runner AppRotateOnline 1
nssm set worker-runner AppRotateSeconds 3600
nssm set worker-runner AppRotateBytes 0
```

> Start the service manually and consult the logfiles for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start the `Worker Runner` service manually (`net start "Worker Runner"`) and consult its log file (`C:\worker-runner\worker-runner-service.log`) and/or the worker implementation's log file(s) for details.
```
